[Music]
thank you for joining us we begin with
breaking news out of Gaza where at least
14 people have been killed in an attack
on a school in the Alat refugee camp the
school run by the UN houses thousands of
displaced Palestinians in central Gaza
two unra staff members are among the
dead dozens of people have been injured
Israel claims it was targeting a Hamas
leadership
compound all of a sudden there was a
huge EXP expon this section of the
school is dedicated only to women women
and children were blown to Pieces we
rushed to see our children but found
them Torn to Pieces this is the fifth
time the fifth time the school building
has been pounded by Israeli war planes
it is supposed to be a safe Sheltering
area all my children six of them were
killed are these children terrorists may
God punish them the Israelis destroyed
our home killed and starved our people
women are widowed and children
six children including a baby twin what
crime what wrong did these innocent
children
do our jazer tar abazo was at the scene
of the attack a short time
ago I'm now in Ali School in anat
refugee camp and this is the impact side
of the strike now we can clearly see the
great level of Destruction being
inflicted to that you un run shter that
is housing thousands of Palestinian
families we can see huge holes on the
wall we can see people are looking for
anything in order to use after the
destruction of this uh youan run shter
the the the scale of Destruction is
unprecedented and I can feel and smell
the smell of blood because of the strike
now piles of Ruffles and even uh dirt
have been absolutely unfolding this
entire area the attack has been carried
out by an Israeli fighter jet and we can
see here the miss
that has been used to attack this
evacuation centers eyewitnesses have
confirmed that this evacuation Center
has been hit in a time where people were
waiting for food to be distributed in
this evacuation Center and this is
incredibly very devastating now even
neighboring areas have been widely
impacted from that strike the Israeli
generally Army has been hitting
evacuation centers in the past couple of
months in a very intensive Rhythm where
at least more than 13 evacuation centers
being targeted and this strike has been
carried out in an area that at least
must be protected under the principles
of the international law where people
have been seeking safety in this place
by the Israeli Army has shattered that
safety that can no longer be easily
restored T abum Al jazer anarat
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get latest news from Al jazer